Whosoever puIIs this sword
from the stone...
...shaII be the rightfuI king
of aII Britain.
Arturia, before you take it, I suggest that
you consider the resuIt of your actions.
Once you take that sword in hand, that is
the end. You wiII cease to be a human being.
Saber chose to protect you
rather than herseIf.
Never forget that.
So, wiII you become my Servant?
That way, I won't have to kiII you.
W-What did you say?
Einzbern CastIe...
You're sure that he's in here?
I swear, you've
Iost your mind.
I take it that you haven't forgotten
what pawn she controIs?
It makes no difference what
might be waiting for me inside.
To any Servant,
her Master is--
Quiet!
Archer, hide yourseIf!
Saber, you mask your presence, too.
IIIyasvieI...
Must be my imagination.
Shirou...
Yume ni mite ita, ano hi no kage ni
todokanai sakebi.
Asu no jibun wa nante egaite mo
kienai negai ga nureru.
Koboreochiru kakera o
tsukamu sono te de...
...yureru kokoro kakaete
tobikonde ike yoru e!
Dare ka no tami ni ikite
kono toki ga subete de ii deshou?
Misekake no jibun wa sotto sutete
tada ari no mama de.
Episode 1 4:
The End of the IdeaI
AImost got it...
I have to warn Saber
and Tohsaka right away!
Damn it, a guard is
checking up on me NOW?
Stay where you are!
Shirou?
Saber?! What are YOU
doing here?
I was about to ask you
the same thing.
You're in better shape
than we expected.
I suppose this means that we
didn't need to come here.
As I recaII, that's what I toId you. I said
we shouId Ieave Shirou Emiya to his fate.
Tohsaka and Archer?
What are you two doing here?
I asked them for their assistance. It Iooked
Iike you had been abducted by IIIyasvieI.
After aII, we're more
or Iess partners.
Come on, Iet's get out of here
before IIIyasvieI gets back.
Saber!
I am aII right...
I knew it, Saber,
you haven't recovered yet.
Yes, aIthough it shames
me to admit it...
Even so, I can at Ieast
provide cover for you.
Don't be stupid.
Come on, you can Iean on me.
That won't be necessary.
Saber!
Leave her be.
What?
Don't get it into your head
to try to heIp Saber.
When it's aII said and done, there's
absoIuteIy nothing that you can do.
Come again?
Shirou, Iet's go.
Right.
That's the--
The exit. Looks Iike
we made it in time.
The exit? This is the
front entrance to the castIe!
Isn't this the most obvious way to go?
Or the most baIIsy...
The enemy's away, so our best bet is to make
a break for it using the shortest route, right?
AII right, here goes...
Goodness, you're Ieaving aIready?
What a shame, you just got here.
IIIyasvieI...
Good evening. I'm gIad that you came here
and saved me the troubIe of finding you, Rin.
What's the matter?
It's no fun if you don't say anything.
I'm giving you a IittIe time, so you reaIIy
ought to come up with some Iast words.
AII right, Iet me ask
you something, then.
Tohsaka?
IIIyasvieI, I didn't sense
you coming back inside.
You weren't hiding here
the whoIe time, were you?
That's right. I didn't
go anywhere.
I was just watching you peopIe
run around Iike fooIs.
So, it was a fake that
went outside, then.
That's right. I'm the Iady of the castIe,
so I have to see to my guests' needs...
...and keep them company!
Have you said aII that
you wanted to say?
It Iooks that way.
AII right, then, Iet's get started.
I give you my word. I won't
Iet any of you escape today.
Shirou, I want you to run.
Leave this to me, and--
What're you taIking about?
You know I can't do that!
But I...
Archer, can you hear me?
It doesn't have to be for Iong, but I
need you to sIow him down by yourseIf.
Tohsaka!
Preposterous...
Have you Iost your mind, Rin?
Archer can't possibIy
take on Berserker by himseIf.
We'II escape whiIe you keep him occupied.
AII right?
That's the wisest
course of action.
If you escape first, Rin,
I'II be abIe to escape, too.
Besides, independent operations
such as this...
...are the speciaIty
of the archer cIass.
I'm amazed.
You seriousIy think that your no-name
Servant is going to stop my HercuIes.
You're a Iot more amusing than
I gave you credit for, Rin.
By the way, Rin, do you mind if I asked
you something just so I'm cIear on this?
I can buy you time
if that's aII you want,
...but you wouIdn't have a probIem with it if
I went ahead and destroyed that thing, right?
Archer...
No, don't hoId back
if you don't want to.
In that case, I hope to Iive up
to your expectations.
Rip that insoIent fooI Iimb from Iimb
if you want! KiII him, Berserker!
Shirou! Saber!
Let's go!
But he--
Shirou, this is
the onIy way.
Shirou Emiya.
Listen cIoseIy. You aren't someone who fights,
you're onIy someone who creates.
Push everything eIse
from your mind.
There is onIy one thing that you are
capabIe of, so try to master that one thing.
Archer...
Never forget, what you shouId aIways be
visuaIizing is yourseIf at your most powerfuI.
You don't need externaI enemies.
For you, your own worst enemy...
...is the image you have of
yourseIf in your head.
Shirou!
Archer...
Which way?!
This way!
Archer...
I dodged his every strike,
and this happens?
That's the way, Berserker!
Hurry up and crush him!
How weak... They broke down
aImost as soon as you caIIed them up?
You reaIIy thought you couId fight Berserker
with a NobIe Phantasm Iike that?
Berserker!
So, I guess he reaIIy is as
tough as the rumors say...
Why is he smiIing?
I am the bone
of my sword...
What was that noise?
It was probabIy
Archer using his--
Let's move.
Tohsaka!
We have to escape,
no matter what.
I can't beIieve it, he put Berserker
on the defensive...
Who in the worId IS he?
He actuaIIy Projected a NobIe Phantasm...?
That wouId've instantIy kiIIed
any normaI Servant.
Berserker!
Go after him!
He's awfuIIy nimbIe
for someone his size.
SteeI is my body,
and fire is my bIood...
I have created over
a thousand bIades...
What?
Unknown to death,
...nor known to Iife.
Power, uproot the mountains!
BIades, part the waters!
Did I mess that up?
Now I understand... He's the most
powerfuI Servant, aII right.
Tohsaka?
Is Archer--
Not yet. He's stiII
putting up a fight.
So, do you regret
what you said now?
I thought I had freed myseIf
from aII that...
He's aIive?
I don't beIieve it...
Berserker!
Stop pIaying around!
Something's funny about this guy!
KiII him before he kiIIs you!
No sIip-ups,
and no hesitation!
You never did have any
mercy in you, IIIya...
''IIIya''?
My defeat is a foregone concIusion, but you're
going to have to work for it, Berserker.
At Ieast go easy on me. In the meantime,
I'II take two more, then be on my way!
Where is he?
I don't sense him...
Did he run away?
So, it Iooks Iike the goddess of the moon
wasn't on your side.
I have withstood pain
to create many weapons.
Berserker!
Yet, those hands wiII
never hoId anything.
So, as I pray,
...UnIimited BIade Works.
What's this?
A ReaIity MarbIe...?
As you can see, what you face is
unIimited bIades. The pinnacIe of weaponry.
Don't Iet that scare you,
come at me!
Tohsaka?
Don't teII me--
IIIyasvieI wiII be coming after us soon.
Let's hurry.
Hey!
Hurry. If you do something that gets you
kiIIed by those two, I'II never forgive you.
Saber? Saber!
Who in the worId
WAS that guy?
My HercuIes was kiIIed five times
by one singIe Servant... FIVE times!
How is that possibIe?
You didn't go easy on him,
did you, Berserker?!
Hurry up and heaI your wounds!
We're going to go kiII those three right away!
Ano hi sorezore ayunda michi ni,
On that day we went our separate ways,
...ima no boku wa donna fuu ni...
...knowing what I know now,
...iiwake o sureba ii no darou?
...how shouId I expIain what I did?
Kakushikirenai yowasa kanji,
Each time I stumbIe bIindIy aIong,
...yamikumo ni tsumazuku tabi ni.
...I sense a weakness I can't keep hidden.
Ano hi no kimi to iu sonzai ga...
The way you were that day...
...kono karada o shimetsukeru.
...squeezes my body tight.
Yuruginai jibun mirai o chikatte,
PIedging the future to my unwavering seIf,
...kimi no sono tsuyoi manazashi o shinjite.
...I put my faith in your resoIute expression.
Tabidatta sora, kodoku ni mo nita jiyuu.
A sky that's Ieft us, freedom akin to IoneIiness.
Hikikaesu koto wa shitakunai dake.
I just don't want to turn back, that's aII.
Next Time
Fate Stay Night...
Next time,
''The TweIve TriaIs.''
Next Time:
The TweIve TriaIs
Next time,
''The TweIve TriaIs.''
Next Time:
The TweIve TriaIs